feat(Kafka): kafka supports parameters updated (#4263)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/dms_kafka_instance.md

  produced to or consumed from a topic that does not exist.
  The default value is false.

* `parameters` - (Optional, List) Specify an array of one or more parameters to be set to the Kafka instance after

>   launched. You can check on console to see which parameters supported. Structure is documented below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `parameters` - (Optional, List) Specifies the array of one or more parameters to be set to the Kafka instance after
  launched. The [parameters](#dms_parameters) structure is documented below.
```

Author: done

* `advertised_ip` - (Optional, String) The advertised IP Address or domain name.

<a name="dms_parameters"></a>
The `parameters` block supports:

* `name` - (Required, String) Specifies the parameter name. Static parameter needs the instance to be restarted

>   to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required, String) Specifies the parameter name. Static parameter needs to restart the instance to take effect.
```

Author: done
